Color mentions to match the mentioned users color (#2284)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

- Minor: Don't show update button for nightly builds on macOS and Linux, this was already the case for Windows (#2163, #2164)
- Minor: Tab and split titles now use display/localized channel names (#2189)
- Minor: Add a setting to limit the amount of historical messages loaded from the Recent Messages API (#2250, #2252)

> - Minor: Color mentions to match the mentioned users (#1963, #2121)

Reviewer: Please also add the number of this PR (#2284) to the changelog entry

> - Minor: Color mentions to match the mentioned users (#1963, #2121, #2284)

Reviewer 2: We don't include issue numbers in changelog entries. Pharsing seems a bit weird to me, I hope this makes sense.
```suggestion
- Minor: Added a setting for @mentions to match the mentioned users' chat color (#2284)
```

Reviewer: This not necessarily true. (For example, we also link #2163 or #2250)

Reviewer 3: We do a bit of both - this is fine imo.

I basically see it as a list of relevant PRs or Issues to the change.

> - Minor: Color mentions to match the mentioned users (#1963, #2121, #2284)

Reviewer 3: I would classify this as a major change, please also include information that this feature is enabled by default and can be disabled in the Settings window through the "Color @usernames" setting
